feat: allow to configure client id claims (#51)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-jwt: README.adoc

|resolverParameter||Needed if you use the `GATEWAY_KEYS` or `GIVEN_ISSUER` resolver (EL support)|string|
|useSystemProxy||Select this option if you want use system proxy (only useful when resolver is `JWKS_URL`)|boolean|false
|extractClaims||Select this option if you want to extract claims into the request context|boolean|false

> |clientIdClaim||Needed if the client_id can be find in another claim|string|client_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|clientIdClaim||Required if client_id should be read from non-standard claims (aud, azp, client_id)|string|client_id
```
